---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_background_worker Data Source - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about a Render Background Worker.
---

# render_background_worker (Data Source)

Provides information about a Render Background Worker.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service

### Read-Only

- `autoscaling` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling))
- `disk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk))
- `env_vars` (Attributes Map) Map of environment variable names to their values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `environment_id` (String) Unique identifier for the environment that the resource belongs to
- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `notification_override` (Attributes) Set the notification settings for this service. These will override the notification settings of the owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_override))
- `num_instances` (Number)
- `plan` (String) Plan to use for the service
- `pre_deploy_command` (String) This command runs before starting your service. It is typically used for tasks like running a database migration or uploading assets to a CDN.
- `pull_request_previews_enabled` (Boolean)
- `region` (String) Region to deploy the service
- `root_directory` (String) Defaults to repository root. When you specify a root directory that is different from your repository root, Render runs all your commands in the specified directory and ignores changes outside the directory.
- `runtime_source` (Attributes) Source of the build artifacts or image that run your service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source))
- `secret_files` (Attributes Map) A map of secret file paths to their contents. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))
- `slug` (String) Unique slug for the service
- `start_command` (String) Command to run the service

<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria))
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `max` (Number) The maximum number of instances for the service
- `min` (Number) The minimum number of instances for the service

<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--memory))

<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria.cpu`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `percentage` (Number) Determines when your service will be scaled. If the average resource utilization is significantly above/below the target, we will increase/decrease the number of instances.


<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria.memory`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `percentage` (Number) Determines when your service will be scaled. If the average resource utilization is significantly above/below the target, we will increase/decrease the number of instances.




<a id="nestedatt--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Absolute path to mount the disk.
- `name` (String) Name of the disk
- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the disk in GB

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the disk


<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Read-Only:

- `generate_value` (Boolean)
- `value` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--notification_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_override`

Read-Only:

- `notifications_to_send` (String) The types of notifications to send.
- `preview_notifications_enabled` (String) Whether notifications for previews of this service are sent.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source`

Read-Only:

- `docker` (Attributes) Details for building and deploying a Dockerfile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--docker))
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--image))
- `native_runtime` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.docker`

Read-Only:

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://docs.render.com/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `branch` (String) Branch to build
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Filter for files and paths to monitor for automatic deploys. Filter paths are absolute. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--docker--build_filter))
- `context` (String) [Docker build context directory.](https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#usage) This is relative to your repository root. Defaults to the root.
- `dockerfile_path` (String) Path to your Dockerfile relative to the repository root. This is not relative to your Docker build context. Example: `./subdir/Dockerfile.`
- `registry_credential_id` (String) ID of the registry credential to use when pulling the image.
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the repository to build

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--docker--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.docker.build_filter`

Read-Only:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.



<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.image`

Read-Only:

- `image_url` (String) URL of the Docker image to deploy.
- `registry_credential_id` (String) ID of the registry credential to use when pulling the image.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.native_runtime`

Read-Only:

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://docs.render.com/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `branch` (String) Branch to build
- `build_command` (String) Command to build the service
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Filter for files and paths to monitor for automatic deploys. Filter paths are absolute. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime--build_filter))
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the repository to build
- `runtime` (String) Runtime of the service to use.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.native_runtime.build_filter`

Read-Only:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.




<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String, Sensitive)
