---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_keyvalue Data Source - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about a Render Key Value instance.
---

# render_keyvalue (Data Source)

Provides information about a Render Key Value instance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service

### Optional

- `log_stream_override` (Attributes) Configure the [log stream override settings](https://render.com/docs/log-streams#overriding-defaults) for this service. These will override the global log stream settings of the user or team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_stream_override))

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (Attributes, Sensitive) Key Value connection info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `environment_id` (String) Unique identifier for the environment that the resource belongs to
- `ip_allow_list` (Attributes Set) List of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to the Redis instance. If no IP addresses are provided, only connections via the private network will be allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_allow_list))
- `max_memory_policy` (String) Policy for evicting keys when the maxmemory limit is reached
- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `plan` (String) Plan for the Key Value instance
- `region` (String) Region to deploy the service

<a id="nestedatt--log_stream_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_stream_override`

Required:

- `setting` (String) Whether to send or drop logs for this service. Must be one of `send` or `drop`.

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to send logs to.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token to use when sending logs.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `cli_command` (String, Sensitive) Command to connect to the key value using a command line tool (`redis-cli` or `valkey-cli`).
- `external_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for external access. Use this to connect to the key value from outside of Render.
- `internal_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for internal access. Use this to connect to the key value from within the same Render region.


<a id="nestedatt--ip_allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_allow_list`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block that is allowed to connect to the Redis instance. (0.0.0.0/0 to allow traffic from all IPs)
- `description` (String) Description of the IP address or range. This is used to help identify the IP address or range in the list.
