---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_postgres Data Source - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# render_postgres (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this postgres

### Optional

- `datadog_api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog API key to use when sending postgres metrics
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Disk size in GB.
- `log_stream_override` (Attributes) Configure the [log stream override settings](https://render.com/docs/log-streams#overriding-defaults) for this service. These will override the global log stream settings of the user or team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_stream_override))
- `primary_postgres_id` (String) If this is a replica, the ID of the primary postgres instance

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (Attributes, Sensitive) Database connection info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `database_name` (String) Name of the database in the postgres instance
- `database_user` (String) Name of the user in the postgres instance
- `environment_id` (String) Unique identifier for the environment
- `high_availability_enabled` (Boolean) Whether high availability is enabled for this postgres
- `ip_allow_list` (Attributes Set) List of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to the Redis instance. If no IP addresses are provided, only connections via the private network will be allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_allow_list))
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for this postgres
- `plan` (String) Plan to use for this postgres
- `read_replicas` (Attributes Set) List of read replicas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_replicas))
- `region` (String) Region the postgres instance in
- `role` (String) Whether this postgres is a primary or replica
- `version` (String) The Postgres version

<a id="nestedatt--log_stream_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_stream_override`

Required:

- `setting` (String) Whether to send or drop logs for this service. Must be one of `send` or `drop`.

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to send logs to.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token to use when sending logs.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `external_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for external access. Use this to connect to the database from outside of Render.
- `internal_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for internal access. Use this to connect to the database from within the same Render region.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the postgres user.
- `psql_command` (String, Sensitive) Command to connect to the database using the `psql` command line tool.


<a id="nestedatt--ip_allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_allow_list`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block that is allowed to connect to the Redis instance. (0.0.0.0/0 to allow traffic from all IPs)
- `description` (String) Description of the IP address or range. This is used to help identify the IP address or range in the list.


<a id="nestedatt--read_replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_replicas`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the read replica.
- `name` (String) Name of the read replica.
