---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_static_site Data Source - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about a Render Static Site.
---

# render_static_site (Data Source)

Provides information about a Render Static Site.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service

### Optional

- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) Custom domains to associate with the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))

### Read-Only

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://render.com/docs/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `branch` (String) Branch to build
- `build_command` (String) Command to build the service
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Filter for files and paths to monitor for automatic deploys. Filter paths are absolute. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--build_filter))
- `env_vars` (Attributes Map) Map of environment variable names to their values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `environment_id` (String) Unique identifier for the environment that the resource belongs to
- `headers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `notification_override` (Attributes) Set the notification settings for this service. These will override the notification settings of the owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_override))
- `previews` (Attributes) [Pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed) settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--previews))
- `publish_path` (String) Path to the directory to publish
- `pull_request_previews_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the repository to build
- `root_directory` (String) Defaults to repository root. When you specify a root directory that is different from your repository root, Render runs all your commands in the specified directory and ignores changes outside the directory.
- `routes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))
- `slug` (String) Unique slug for the service
- `url` (String) URL that the service is accessible from.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the custom domain

Read-Only:

- `domain_type` (String) Type of the custom domain. Either apex or subdomain
- `name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain
- `public_suffix` (String) Public suffix of the custom domain
- `redirect_for_name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain to redirect to


<a id="nestedatt--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `build_filter`

Read-Only:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.


<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Read-Only:

- `generate_value` (Boolean)
- `value` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the header
- `path` (String) Request paths to apply the header
- `value` (String) Value of the header


<a id="nestedatt--notification_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_override`

Read-Only:

- `notifications_to_send` (String) The types of notifications to send.
- `preview_notifications_enabled` (String) Whether notifications for previews of this service are sent.


<a id="nestedatt--previews"></a>
### Nested Schema for `previews`

Read-Only:

- `generation` (String) Generation mode for [pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed). One of `off`, `manual`, or `automatic`. Defaults to `off`.


<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) Destination path to route to.
- `source` (String) Source path to match.
- `type` (String) Type of route. Either redirect or rewrite.
