---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Render provider is used to interact with and manage resources on Render. The provider requires an API key and owner ID to be used.
---

# render Provider

The Render provider is used to interact with and manage resources on Render. The provider requires an API key and owner ID to be used.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) API key to use when interacting with the API. You can generate an API key from the user settings on the Render dashboard. The provider will read this value from the RENDER_API_KEY environment variable if set. This key is sensitive and should not be committed to source control.
- `owner_id` (String) The user or team ID that owns the managed resources. All resources will be created under this owner ID. You can find the owner ID in the Render dashboard by navigating to the user or team settings and finding the ID in the URL. The ID will start with usr- for individual accounts and tea- for team accounts. The provider will read this value from the RENDER_OWNER_ID environment variable if set.
- `skip_deploy_after_service_update` (Boolean) If set to true, the provider won't deploy a service after updating it.
- `wait_for_deploy_completion` (Boolean) If set to true, the provider will wait for deployments to complete when creating web services, private services, and background workers before continuing. This is useful when you have services that depend on one another and the dependencies must be live for the dependent service to successfully start. The default value is false. The provider will read this value from the RENDER_WAIT_FOR_DEPLOY_COMPLETION environment variable if set.
