---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_postgres Resource - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# render_postgres (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "render_postgres" "example" {
  name    = "example-postgres-instance"
  plan    = "pro"
  region  = "ohio"
  version = "14"

  database_name = "my_database"
  database_user = "my_user"

  high_availability_enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name for this postgres
- `plan` (String) Plan to use for this postgres. Must be one of `free`, `starter`, `standard`, `pro`, `pro_plus`, or a custom plan
- `region` (String) Region the postgres instance in
- `version` (String) The Postgres version

### Optional

- `database_name` (String) Name of the database in the postgres instance
- `database_user` (String) Name of the user in the postgres instance
- `datadog_api_key` (String, Sensitive) Datadog API key to use when sending postgres metrics
- `environment_id` (String) ID of the [project environment](https://docs.render.com/projects) that the resource belongs to
- `high_availability_enabled` (Boolean) Whether high availability is enabled for this postgres
- `ip_allow_list` (Attributes Set) List of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to the instance. If no IP addresses are provided, only connections via the private network will be allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_allow_list))
- `log_stream_override` (Attributes) Configure the [log stream override settings](https://docs.render.com/log-streams#overriding-defaults) for this service. These will override the global log stream settings of the user or team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_stream_override))
- `read_replicas` (Attributes Set) List of read replicas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--read_replicas))

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (Attributes, Sensitive) Database connection info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this postgres
- `primary_postgres_id` (String) If this is a replica, the ID of the primary postgres instance
- `role` (String) Whether this postgres is a primary or replica

<a id="nestedatt--ip_allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_allow_list`

Required:

- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block that is allowed to connect to the Redis instance. (0.0.0.0/0 to allow traffic from all IPs)
- `description` (String) Description of the IP address or range. This is used to help identify the IP address or range in the list.


<a id="nestedatt--log_stream_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_stream_override`

Required:

- `setting` (String) Whether to send or drop logs for this service. Must be one of `send` or `drop`.

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to send logs to.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token to use when sending logs.


<a id="nestedatt--read_replicas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read_replicas`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the read replica.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the read replica.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `external_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for external access. Use this to connect to the database from outside of Render.
- `internal_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for internal access. Use this to connect to the database from within the same Render region.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the postgres user.
- `psql_command` (String, Sensitive) Command to connect to the database using the `psql` command line tool.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import this resource using the database ID
terraform import render_postgres.resource_name dpg-cmtus5u22nds73amqgkg
```
