---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_redis Resource - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Render Redis resource.
---

# render_redis (Resource)

Provides a Render Redis resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "render_redis" "example" {
  name              = "my-redis-instance"
  region            = "ohio"
  plan              = "starter"
  max_memory_policy = "noeviction"

  ip_allow_list = [
    {
      cidr_block  = "203.0.113.0/24"
      description = "Office network"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `max_memory_policy` (String) Policy for evicting keys when the maxmemory limit is reached. Valid values are `allkeys_lfu`, `allkeys_lru`, `allkeys_random`, `noeviction`, `volatile_lfu`, `volatile_lru`, `volatile_random`, `volatile_ttl.`
- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `region` (String) [Region](https://docs.render.com/regions) to deploy the service. One of `frankfurt`, `ohio`, `oregon`, `singapore`, `virginia`.

### Optional

- `environment_id` (String) ID of the [project environment](https://docs.render.com/projects) that the resource belongs to
- `ip_allow_list` (Attributes Set) List of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to the instance. If no IP addresses are provided, only connections via the private network will be allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_allow_list))
- `plan` (String) Plan for the Redis instance. Must be one of `free`, `starter`, `standard`, `pro`, `pro_plus`, or a custom plan.

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (Attributes, Sensitive) Database connection info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service

<a id="nestedatt--ip_allow_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_allow_list`

Required:

- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block that is allowed to connect to the Redis instance. (0.0.0.0/0 to allow traffic from all IPs)
- `description` (String) Description of the IP address or range. This is used to help identify the IP address or range in the list.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `external_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for external access. Use this to connect to the redis from outside of Render.
- `internal_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Connection string for internal access. Use this to connect to the redis from within the same Render region.
- `redis_cli_command` (String, Sensitive) Command to connect to the redis using the redis command line tool.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import this resource using the redis ID
terraform import render_redis.resource_name red-cmtus5u22nds73amqgkg
```
