---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_static_site Resource - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Render Static Site.
---

# render_static_site (Resource)

Provides a Render Static Site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "render_static_site" "example" {
  name          = "example-static-site"
  repo_url      = "https://github.com/render-examples/create-react-app"
  build_command = "npm run build"

  branch         = "master"
  publish_path   = "dist"
  root_directory = "web"
  auto_deploy    = true

  build_filter = {
    paths = [
      "src/**",
      "public/**",
    ]
    ignored_paths = [
      "tests/**",
      "docs/**",
    ]
  }

  env_vars = {
    API_URL = {
      value = "https://api.example.com"
    }
    SITE_TITLE = {
      value = "My Static Site"
    }
  }

  headers = [
    {
      name  = "X-Frame-Options"
      value = "SAMEORIGIN"
      path  = "/*"
    },
    {
      name  = "Cache-Control"
      value = "max-age=31536000"
      path  = "/assets/*"
    }
  ]

  routes = [
    {
      source      = "/blog"
      destination = "/blog/index.html"
      type        = "rewrite"
    },
    {
      source      = "/about"
      destination = "/about-us"
      type        = "redirect"
    },
    {
      source      = "/old-page"
      destination = "/new-page"
      type        = "redirect"
    },
    {
      source      = "/api/*"
      destination = "/api/index.html"
      type        = "rewrite"
    },
  ]

  custom_domains = [
    { name : "static-site.example.com" },
  ]

  pull_request_previews_enabled = true

  notification_override = {
    preview_notifications_enabled = "false"
    notifications_to_send         = "failure"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) Repository branch to build.
- `build_command` (String) Command to build the service
- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the git repository to build.

### Optional

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://docs.render.com/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Filter for files and paths to monitor for automatic deploys. Filter paths are relative to the root of the repository. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--build_filter))
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) Custom domains to associate with the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `env_vars` (Attributes Map) Map of environment variable names to their values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `environment_id` (String) ID of the environment that the resource belongs to
- `headers` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `notification_override` (Attributes) Set the notification settings for this service. These will override the notification settings of the owner. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_override))
- `publish_path` (String) Path to the directory that contains the build artifacts to publish. Defaults to the root directory of the repository.
- `pull_request_previews_enabled` (Boolean) Enable [pull request previews](https://docs.render.com/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed) for the service.
- `root_directory` (String) Defaults to repository root. When you specify a root directory that is different from your repository root, Render runs all your commands in the specified directory and ignores changes outside the directory.
- `routes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service
- `slug` (String) Unique slug for the service
- `url` (String) URL that the service is accessible from.

<a id="nestedatt--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `build_filter`

Optional:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain

Read-Only:

- `domain_type` (String) Type of the custom domain. Either apex or subdomain
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the custom domain
- `public_suffix` (String) Public suffix of the custom domain
- `redirect_for_name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain to redirect to


<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Optional:

- `generate_value` (Boolean) If true, Render will generate the variable value.
- `value` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header
- `path` (String) Request paths to apply the header
- `value` (String) Value of the header


<a id="nestedatt--notification_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_override`

Optional:

- `notifications_to_send` (String) The types of notifications to send. Must be one of `default`, `all`, `failure`, or `none`.
- `preview_notifications_enabled` (String) Whether notifications for previews of this service are sent. Must be one of `all`, `failure`, or `none`.


<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Destination path to route to.
- `source` (String) Source path to match.
- `type` (String) Type of route. Either redirect or rewrite.
