---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "render_web_service Resource - render"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Render Web Service resource.
---

# render_web_service (Resource)

Provides a Render Web Service resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "render_web_service" "web" {
  name               = "terraform-web-service"
  plan               = "starter"
  region             = "oregon"
  start_command      = "npm start"
  pre_deploy_command = "echo 'hello world'"

  runtime_source = {
    native_runtime = {
      auto_deploy   = true
      branch        = "main"
      build_command = "npm install"
      build_filter = {
        paths         = ["src/**"]
        ignored_paths = ["tests/**"]
      }
      repo_url = "https://github.com/render-examples/express-hello-world"
      runtime  = "node"
    }
  }

  disk = {
    name       = "some-disk"
    size_gb    = 1
    mount_path = "/data"
  }

  env_vars = {
    "key1" = { value = "val1" },
    "key2" = { value = "val2" },
  }
  secret_files = {
    "file1" = { content = "content1" },
    "file2" = { content = "content2" },
  }
  custom_domains = [
    { name : "terraform-provider-1.example.com" },
    { name : "terraform-provider-2.example.com" },
  ]

  notification_override = {
    preview_notifications_enabled = "false"
    notifications_to_send         = "failure"
  }

  log_stream_override = {
    setting = "drop"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the service
- `plan` (String) Plan to use for the service. Must be one of `starter`, `standard`, `pro`, `pro_plus`, `pro_max`, `pro_ultra`, or a custom plan.
- `region` (String) [Region](https://render.com/docs/regions) to deploy the service. One of `frankfurt`, `ohio`, `oregon`, `singapore`, `virginia`.
- `runtime_source` (Attributes) Source of the build artifacts or image that run your service. You must provide one of [native_runtime](https://render.com/docs/native-runtimes), [docker](https://render.com/docs/docker), or [image](https://render.com/docs/deploy-an-image). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source))

### Optional

- `autoscaling` (Attributes) [Autoscaling settings](https://render.com/docs/scaling#autoscaling) for the service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling))
- `custom_domains` (Attributes Set) Custom domains to associate with the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_domains))
- `disk` (Attributes) [Persistent disk](https://render.com/docs/disks) to attach to the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk))
- `env_vars` (Attributes Map) Map of environment variable names to their values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `environment_id` (String) ID of the [project environment](https://render.com/docs/projects) that the resource belongs to
- `health_check_path` (String) If you're running a server, enter the path where your server will always return a 200 OK response. We use it to monitor your app and for [zero downtime deploys](https://render.com/docs/deploys#zero-downtime-deploys).
- `log_stream_override` (Attributes) Configure the [log stream override settings](https://render.com/docs/log-streams#overriding-defaults) for this service. These will override the global log stream settings of the user or team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_stream_override))
- `maintenance_mode` (Attributes) Maintenance mode settings for the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_mode))
- `max_shutdown_delay_seconds` (Number) The maximum amount of time (in seconds) that Render waits for your application process to exit gracefully after sending it a SIGTERM signal before sending a SIGKILL signal.
- `notification_override` (Attributes) Configure the [notification settings](https://render.com/docs/notifications) for this service. These will override the global notification settings of the user or team. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_override))
- `num_instances` (Number) Number of replicas of the service to run. Defaults to 1 on service creation and current instance count on update. If you want to manage the service's instance count outside Terraform, leave num_instances unset.
- `pre_deploy_command` (String) This command runs before starting your service. It is typically used for tasks like running a database migration or uploading assets to a CDN.
- `previews` (Attributes) [Pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed) settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--previews))
- `pull_request_previews_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) Enable [pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed) for the service.
- `root_directory` (String) When you specify a [root directory](https://render.com/docs/monorepo-support#root-directory), Render runs all your commands in the specified directory and ignores changes outside the directory. Defaults to the repository root.
- `secret_files` (Attributes Map) A map of secret file paths to their contents. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--secret_files))
- `start_command` (String) Command to run the service. When using native runtimes, this will be used as the start command and is required. For [Docker](https://render.com/docs/docker) and [image-backed](https://render.com/docs/deploy-an-image) services, this will override the default Docker command for the image.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the service
- `slug` (String) Unique slug for the service
- `url` (String) URL that the service is accessible from.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source`

Optional:

- `docker` (Attributes) Details for building and deploying a service [using a Dockerfile](https://render.com/docs/docker). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--docker))
- `image` (Attributes) Details for deploying a service using a [Docker image from a registry](https://render.com/docs/deploy-an-image). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--image))
- `native_runtime` (Attributes) Details for building and deploying a service using one of Render's [native runtimes](https://render.com/docs/native-runtimes). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.docker`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch of the git repository to build.
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the git repository to build.

Optional:

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://render.com/docs/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `auto_deploy_trigger` (String) Sets the Automatic deploy behavior for a Git-based service.
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Apply [build filters](https://render.com/docs/monorepo-support#build-filters) to configure which changes in your git repository trigger automatic deploys. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--docker--build_filter))
- `context` (String) [Docker build context directory.](https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#usage) This is relative to your repository root. Defaults to the root.
- `dockerfile_path` (String) Path to your Dockerfile relative to the repository root. This is not relative to your Docker build context. Example: `./subdir/Dockerfile.`
- `registry_credential_id` (String) ID of the registry credential to use when pulling the image.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--docker--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.docker.build_filter`

Optional:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.



<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.image`

Required:

- `image_url` (String) URL of the Docker image to deploy.

Optional:

- `digest` (String) Digest of the Docker image to deploy. Mutually exclusive with tag.
- `registry_credential_id` (String) ID of the registry credential to use when pulling the image.
- `tag` (String) Tag of the Docker image to deploy. Mutually exclusive with digest.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.native_runtime`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch of the git repository to build.
- `build_command` (String) Command to build the service
- `repo_url` (String) URL of the git repository to build.
- `runtime` (String) Runtime of the service to use. Must be one of `elixir`, `go`, `node`, `python`, `ruby`, `rust`.

Optional:

- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) [Automatic deploy](https://render.com/docs/deploys#automatic-git-deploys) on every push to your repository, or changes to your service settings or environment.
- `auto_deploy_trigger` (String) Sets the Automatic deploy behavior for a Git-based service.
- `build_filter` (Attributes) Apply [build filters](https://render.com/docs/monorepo-support#build-filters) to configure which changes in your git repository trigger automatic deploys. If you've defined a root directory, you can still define paths outside of the root directory. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime--build_filter))

<a id="nestedatt--runtime_source--native_runtime--build_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_source.native_runtime.build_filter`

Optional:

- `ignored_paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.
- `paths` (List of String) Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.




<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling`

Required:

- `criteria` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether autoscaling is enabled for the service
- `max` (Number) The maximum number of instances for the service
- `min` (Number) The minimum number of instances for the service

<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria`

Optional:

- `cpu` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--memory))

<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria.cpu`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether CPU-based autoscaling is enabled for the service
- `percentage` (Number) Determines when your service will be scaled. If the average resource utilization is significantly above/below the target, we will increase/decrease the number of instances.


<a id="nestedatt--autoscaling--criteria--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `autoscaling.criteria.memory`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether memory-based autoscaling is enabled for the service
- `percentage` (Number) Determines when your service will be scaled. If the average resource utilization is significantly above/below the target, we will increase/decrease the number of instances.




<a id="nestedatt--custom_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_domains`

Required:

- `name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain

Read-Only:

- `domain_type` (String) Type of the custom domain. Either apex or subdomain
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the custom domain
- `public_suffix` (String) Public suffix of the custom domain
- `redirect_for_name` (String) DNS record of the custom domain to redirect to


<a id="nestedatt--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) Absolute path to mount the disk.
- `name` (String) Name of the disk
- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the disk in GB

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the disk


<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Optional:

- `generate_value` (Boolean) If true, Render will generate the variable value.
- `value` (String, Sensitive)


<a id="nestedatt--log_stream_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_stream_override`

Required:

- `setting` (String) Whether to send or drop logs for this service. Must be one of `send` or `drop`.

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to send logs to.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The token to use when sending logs.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_mode`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether maintenance mode is enabled
- `uri` (String) URI to redirect to when maintenance mode is enabled


<a id="nestedatt--notification_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_override`

Optional:

- `notifications_to_send` (String) The types of notifications to send. Must be one of `default`, `all`, `failure`, or `none`.
- `preview_notifications_enabled` (String) Whether notifications for previews of this service are sent. Must be one of `all`, `failure`, or `none`.


<a id="nestedatt--previews"></a>
### Nested Schema for `previews`

Optional:

- `generation` (String) Generation mode for [pull request previews](https://render.com/docs/pull-request-previews#pull-request-previews-git-backed). One of `off`, `manual`, or `automatic`. Defaults to `off`.


<a id="nestedatt--secret_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret_files`

Required:

- `content` (String, Sensitive) The content of the secret file.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import this resource using the service ID
terraform import render_web_service.resource_name srv-cmtus5u22nds73amqgkg
```
